curtains sofa covers and old drapes in
this Workshop in kanun bits and Bobs of
material are transformed into dresses
but that comes with
risks this material isn't fit for humans
in the middle of summer fabric from
curtains and sofas is high in polyester
which makes the heat harder to bear and
leads to various types of allergies
forced to leave his own home Muhammad
opened this shop for customers whove
lost nearly everything he salvaged seing
machines he found in a bombed out
tailoring store after Israeli war planes
struck shops markets and factories
across the strip Palestinians fled with
little more than the clothes on their
backs and now many are falling apart at
the
seams the demand for fixing and mending
clothes has become much larger parents
came here to Tyson their own clothes to
suit their children one blouse or a pair
of trousers has been used by two
generations of the same
family over 10 months of conflict Israel
has kept the strip Under Siege only
allowing in some humanitarian supplies
everyday Goods such as new clothes have
become a luxury almost impossible to
come
by we don't have new Fabrics so what we
do now is just tighten some clothes that
have become too large for their owners
who've lost weight because of the war
and the shortage of food otherwise we
repair some torn clothes and other
simple things like
that these tailor are using their jobs
to patch up their lives and give others
a sense of
dignity soon they could run out of
fabric thread and even needles they say
reopening all Crossing routes into Gaza
to bring in supplies is the only way
they can keep going IPM genford
aler make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer